fix: correct store definition (#142)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/concepts.mdx

## What Is A Store?

> A "store" is a <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.LongForm}/> entity used for organizing data.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "store" is a <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.LongForm}/> entity used for organizing data needed to answer authorization checks.
```

</summary>

> Each store contains an [authorization model](#what-is-an-authorization-model) and [relationship tuples](#what-is-a-relationship-tuple).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each store may contain an [authorization model](#what-is-an-authorization-model) and [relationship tuples](#what-is-a-relationship-tuple).
```

Author: Is there any case where store does not contain an authorization model?

Reviewer 2: Whoops. Sorry I missed your reply.

Yes, when you first create a store it will not contain an authorization model or tuples. Anyway, I don't think this is such a big deal, so we can resolve it.

> Each store contains a single [authorization model](#what-is-an-authorization-model) and may contain various [relationship tuples](#what-is-a-relationship-tuple). You may wish to create a second store if you need to have a second model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each store contains one or more versions of an [authorization model](#what-is-an-authorization-model) and may contain various [relationship tuples](#what-is-a-relationship-tuple).

Store data such as the authorization model and relationship tuples cannot be shared across stores, so it is highly recommended to store all data that may be related and may affect your authorization result in a single store.

For completely separate  authorization needs or isolated environments where data from one should not affect another (e.g. development/prod), you may want to create separate stores.
```

## What Is A Store?

A "store" is a <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.LongForm}/> entity used for organizing data needed to answer authorization checks.

</summary>

Each store contains one or more versions of an [authorization model](#what-is-an-authorization-model) and may contain various [relationship tuples](#what-is-a-relationship-tuple).

Store data such as the authorization model and relationship tuples cannot be shared across stores, so it is highly recommended to store all data that may be related and may affect your authorization result in a single store.

> For completely separate  authorization needs or isolated environments where data from one should not affect another (e.g. development/prod), you may want to create separate stores.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For completely separate authorization needs or isolated environments where data from one should not affect another (e.g. development/prod), you may want to create separate stores.
```
